Docs status updates - Fixes #150 (#268)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/models/circuits/circuit.md

Each circuit is associated with a provider and a user-defined type. For example, you might have Internet access circuits delivered to each site by one provider, and private MPLS circuits delivered by another. Each circuit must be assigned a circuit ID, each of which must be unique per provider.

> Each circuit must also assigned one of the following operational [`statuses`](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/models/extras/status/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each circuit must be assigned to a status, the following [`statuses`](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/models/extras/status/) are provided by default.
```

Author: Fixed

* Deprovisioning
* Decommissioned

> Status fields can now be customized via the new [`status`](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/models/extras/status/) model. 

Reviewer 2: IMO just remove this since it's redundant with the link above it.
